Presentation: Improve custom property value renderers' docs (#3370)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/Content/PropertyValueRenderers.md

# Custom property value renderers

Data in [PropertyGrid]($components-react) and [Table]($components-react) components is displayed by property value renderers. By defining and registering custom renderers, users can extend property rendering system to support new data types and UI interactions.

A custom renderer can be used by assigning it to specific properties through a property override. See [`PropertySpecification.renderer` section](../Content/PropertySpecification.md#attribute-renderer) for an example.

## Built-in renderers

iTwin.js UI and presentation packages register some built-in value renderers that can be used out of the box.

### `SelectableInstance`

> **Component:** [InstanceKeyValueRenderer]($presentation-components)
>
> **Prerequisites:**
>
> - Property value type is [Primitives.InstanceKey]($appui-abstract). Generally those are navigation type of properties.
> - The property is rendered within a unified selection context. See [useUnifiedSelectionContext]($presentation-components) for more details.

The renderer renders nothing when property value is `undefined`. When it's defined, the value is rendered as a clickable text.

> For the text itself, the first option is the property's display value. If it's not set, then the [Type Converter](../../learning/ui/components/TypeConverters.md) system is used to calculate displayed string from the raw value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The property display value is used for the displayed text. If it is not set, then the [Type Converter](../../learning/ui/components/TypeConverters.md) system is used to calculate displayed string from the raw property value.
```
